Shenie Palmes
One of the key contributors in our team
"No questions to his skills and capabilities as he is one of the key contributors in our team. With all the loads he's receiving everyday, he managed to cope with all of them and ensures completion/facilitated before he log off."

Supervisor (2020)

James Buenafe
Proactive, inquisitive and thinking outside the box
"Jan is not the usual leaf from the tree. He is always keen on everything on the site maintenance blogs team who is always proactive, inquisitive and thinking outside the box. This helped me understand their needs more than what I usually see. Through this, we are now establishing more features that can make the blogging experience and enablement not only better but a faster one, as well."

Colleague (2020)


Julie Tamayo
Deliver what is expected and even beyond expectation
"Jan has multiple primary tasks. With the different tasks given to him, he managed to fulfill his roles and deliver what is expected and even beyond expectation. Jan works with less supervision by subpodlead/podlead. He manages his team well and make sure that they deliver despite of heavy loads. As a matter of fact, his team standing - metrics wise is promising. All are contributors."

Former Supervisor (2019)


Isaiah M. S. Papellero
Worked directly with clients and collaborated well with his leads
"Jan has worked directly with clients and collaborated well with his leads during migration/content maintenance. He's been instrumental to the success of this project. Good job Naj!"

Former Supervisor (2019)


Mark Vincent Po
Dependable and reliable developer
"Jan has grown to be a dependable and reliable developer. He can always be counted on to work overtime when necessary without complaint. He also asks questions and seeks guidance when not sure of what to do.Naj has also been constantly seeking new opportunities to develop his knowledge and build his experience."

Former Manager (2016)

Rhea Mahinay
Big help to developers in understanding and implementing codes
"The brownbag session conducted by Jan was a very big help to the whole team as we can visibly see the improvement of the knowledge and skills of the developers in understanding and implementing codes."

Former Supervisor (2016)